[DOCS-7630] Add Keycloak Tutorial to ACS 7.3+ (#1432)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: content-services/latest/tutorial/sso/saml.md

        "redirectUriLogout": "/workspace/logout"
        }
```

## Step 8: Configure Alfresco Share properties

The properties listed that need to be set for Alfresco Share are only those that are required for setting up SSO.

Use the following configuration parameters either in the `share-config.properties` file, using the share config map in Kubernetes, or as environment variables in a Docker Compose file:

|Property|Description|
|--------|-----------|
| aims.enabled | Enables or disables Keycloak, for example `true`. |
| aims.realm | The name of the realm, for example `alfresco`. |
| aims.resource | The Client ID of the application, for example `share`. |
| aims.authServerUrl | The base URL of the Keycloak, for example `https://keycloak.example.com` |
| aims.publicClient | If set to `true`, the adapter will not send credentials for the client to Keycloak. |

## Step 9: (Optional) Configure Alfresco Sync Service

If Alfresco Sync Service is used and a client has been created for it in [step 1](#step-1-configure-a-realm-and-clients) then the following properties need to be set in the `sync/service-sync/config.yml`:

| Property | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |

> | keycloak.auth-server-url |The base URL of the Keycloak, for example `https://keycloak.example.com/auth`|
> | keycloak.realm |The realm name configured in the Keycloak for the Alfresco application, for example `alfresco`|
> | keycloak.resource |The **Client ID** set up in the Desktop Sync for Alfresco Content Services. The client needs to exist underneath the realm set for `keycloak.realm`, for example `desktop-sync`|
> | keycloak.public-client |The adapter will not send credentials for the client to the Keycloak if this is set to true, for example `true`|
> | keycloak.credentials.secret |The secret key for this client if the access type is not set to public.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| identity-service.auth-server-url |Keycloak's base URL, for example `https://keycloak.example.com/auth`|
| identity-service.realm |The realm name configured in Keycloak for the Alfresco application, for example `alfresco`|
| identity-service.resource |The **Client ID** set up in the Desktop Sync for Alfresco Content Services. The client needs to exist underneath the realm set for `identity-service.realm`, for example `desktop-sync`|
| identity-service.public-client |The adapter will not send credentials for the client to Keycloak if this is set to true, for example `true`|
| identity-service.credentials.secret |The secret key for this client if the access type is not set to public.|
```

Again, these property keys can't be updated to something that doesn't reflect the current status of the software. They have to be reverted to their original variant.

## Step 10: Configure Alfresco Process Services

> Alfresco Process Services (APS) has two sets of properties that need to be configured to setup SSO. One set synchronizes APS with an LDAP directory and the other set configure with the Keycloak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alfresco Process Services (APS) has two sets of properties that need to be configured to setup SSO. One set synchronizes APS with an LDAP directory and the other set configures the connection with Keycloak.
```

    | ldap.synchronization.java.naming.security.credentials |The password for the user set in `ldap.synchronization.java.naming.security.principal`, for example `secret`|
    | ldap.synchronization.full.enabled | Sets whether full LDAP synchronization is enabled or not, for example `true`|
    | ldap.synchronization.full.cronExpression |The cron expression describing how often the full synchronization should run, for example `0 0 0 * * ?`|
    | ldap.synchronization.differential.enabled |Sets whether differential LDAP synchronization is enabled or not, for example `true`|
    | ldap.synchronization.differential.cronExpression |The cron expression describing how often the differential synchronization should run, for example `0 0 */4 * * ?`|
    | ldap.synchronization.userSearchBase |The section of the LDAP directory to restrict user synchronization to, for example `ou=users,dc=alfresco,dc=com`|
    | ldap.synchronization.groupSearchBase |The section of the LDAP directory to restrict group synchronization to, for example `ou=groups,dc=alfresco,dc=com`|

> 2. Configuration with the Alfresco Process Services can be achieved manually for WAR file deployments using the `activiti-keycloak.properties` or reference an external file for Docker and Kubernetes deployments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configuration with the Alfresco Process Services can be achieved manually for WAR file deployments using the `activiti-identity-service.properties` or reference an external file for Docker and Kubernetes deployments:
```

Same reasoning as per other similar changes, cc: @balsarori in case something changed here and I'm not aware.

    | Property | Description |
    | -------- | ----------- |

>     | keycloak.enabled |Sets whether Process Services will use the Keycloak to authenticate against, for example `true`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | keycloak.enabled |Sets whether Process Services will use Keycloak to authenticate against, for example `true`|
```

>     | keycloak.realm |The realm name configured in the Keycloak for the Alfresco applications, for example `alfresco`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | keycloak.realm |The realm name configured in Keycloak for the Alfresco applications, for example `alfresco`|
```

>     | keycloak.auth-server-url |The base URL of the Keycloak, for example `https://keycloak.example.com/auth`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | keycloak.auth-server-url |Keycloak's base URL, for example `https://keycloak.example.com/auth`|
```

    | keycloak.ssl-required |Sets whether SSL is mandatory for access or not, for example `all`|

>     | keycloak.resource |The **Client ID** set up in the Keycloak for Process Services. The client needs to exist underneath the realm set for `keycloak.realm` or `KEYCLOAK_REALM`, for example `alfresco`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | keycloak.resource |The **Client ID** set up in Keycloak for Process Services. The client needs to exist underneath the realm set for `keycloak.realm` or `KEYCLOAK_REALM`, for example `alfresco`|
```

    | keycloak.principal-attribute |The attribute to identify users by for authentication. This needs to be set to `email` for Process Services, for example `email`|

>     | keycloak.public-client |The adapter will not send credentials for the client to the Keycloak if this is set to `true`, for example `true`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | keycloak.public-client |The adapter will not send credentials for the client to Keycloak if this is set to `true`, for example `true`|
```

    | keycloak.always-refresh-token |Sets whether a token should be refreshed for every request or not, for example `true`|
    | keycloak.autodetect-bearer-only |This should be set to true to serve both a web application and web services, for example `true`|
    | keycloak.token-store |The location of where account information token should be stored, for example `cookie`|

>     | keycloak.enable-basic-auth |Sets whether basic authentication is also supported by the Keycloak, for example `true`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | keycloak.enable-basic-auth |Sets whether basic authentication is also supported by Keycloak, for example `true`|
```

## Step 11: (Optional) Configure a connection between Process Services and Content Services

An SSO connection can be configured between Process Services and Content Services so that communication between the two systems is achieved using tokens instead of stored credentials when executing processes.

> 1. Set these additional properties in `activiti-keycloak.properties`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set these additional properties in `activiti-identity-service.properties`:
```
Same as above, cc: @balsarori.

    | alfresco.content.sso.redirect_uri |The redirect URI for authorization. The value in the example column needs to be updated with the correct base URL for the Process Services instance, for example`https://aps.example.com/activiti-app/rest/integration/sso/confirm-auth-request`|

2. Sign into Process Services as an administrator.
3. Navigate to **Identity Management** > **Tenants** > **Alfresco Repositories**.
4. Add a new repository or edit an existing connection.
5. Configure the following settings for the repository connection:

    |Setting|Description|
    |-------|-----------|
    |Name|A name for the repository connection.|
    |Alfresco tenant|The tenant to create the repository under.|
    |Repository base URL|The base URL of the repository instance to connect to.|
    |Share base URL|The base URL of Share for the repository instance to connect to.|
    |Alfresco version|The version of Content Services to connect to.|
    |Authentication type|Select **Identity Service authentication** to use SSO.|

## Step 12: (Optional) Configure a mobile client for Process Services

> If Process Services for mobile is required then a client needs to be created for it in the Keycloak to enable SSO capability. The redirect URI is preconfigured for the mobile application using the operating system it is installed on, which means that the **Valid Redirect URIs** value in the Keycloak must match this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Process Services for mobile is required then a client needs to be created for it in Keycloak to enable SSO capability. The redirect URI is preconfigured for the mobile application using the operating system it is installed on, which means that the **Valid Redirect URIs** value in Keycloak must match this value.
```

1. Sign into the Keycloak Administration Console (Keycloak Admin Console).
2. Create a new client for the mobile application under the `Alfresco` realm or the realm you created in [step 1](#step-1-configure-a-realm-and-clients) and set at least the following in the **Settings** tab:

    **iOS**

    * A unique and identifiable **Client ID**. The default value is `alfresco-ios-aps-app`.
    * The **Valid Redirect URI** must be set to `iosapsapp://aims/auth`.
    * **Implicit Flow Enabled** is switched off.

    **Android**

    * A unique and identifiable **Client ID**. The default value is `alfresco-android-aps-app`.
    * The **Valid Redirect URI** must be set to `androidapsapp://aims/auth`.
    * **Implicit Flow Enabled** is switched off.

## Step 13: (Optional) Configure a client for Content Services for iOS

> If Content Services for iOS is required then a client needs to be created for it in the Keycloak to enable SSO capability. The redirect URI is preconfigured for the mobile application using the operating system it is installed on, which means that the **Valid Redirect URIs** value in the Keycloak must match this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Content Services for iOS is required then a client needs to be created for it in Keycloak to enable SSO capability. The redirect URI is preconfigured for the mobile application using the operating system it is installed on, which means that the **Valid Redirect URIs** value in Keycloak must match this value.
```

1. Sign into the Keycloak Administration Console (Keycloak Admin Console).
2. Create a new client for the mobile application under the `Alfresco` realm or the realm you created in [step 1](#step-1-configure-a-realm-and-clients) and set at least the following in the **Settings** tab:

    * A unique and identifiable **Client ID**. The default value is `alfresco-ios-acs-app`.
    * The **Valid Redirect URI** must be set to `iosacsapp://aims/auth`.
    * **Implicit Flow Enabled** is switched off.

## Verify the configuration

After configuring SSO using SAML, the following is an example sequence to follow to verify that SSO works correctly:

1. Open a new browser session and navigate to Alfresco Digital Workspace at the URL `http://adw.example.com/workspace`. Sign in to the SAML provider when redirected.
2. Create a new tab in the same browser session and navigate to Alfresco Share at the URL `http://share.example.com/share` and there should be no additional sign in step required.
3. Create a new tab in the same browser session and navigate to Alfresco Process Services at the URL `http://aps.example.com/activiti-app` and there should be no additional sign in step required.

> > **Note:** If timeout is configured using the same value for the Keycloak and ACS, accessing any of the applications after the specified time will prompt a user to sign in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If timeout is configured using the same value for Keycloak and ACS, accessing any of the applications after the specified time will prompt a user to sign in again.
```
